Hey, Mr. Gao
Are you all right?
Liao Fan, we survived
Right
Ah, we finally dodged another bullet
But I don't know.
What agreement did you reach with Cai Cai Zi?
He can let us go
Ah.
Ah, it's very simple.
Didn't I go to the scene myself?
Uh so I told him the truth
After he understood what was going on
No, just leave us begging
I really don't know.
What else are you hiding from me?
Well, what do you want to know?
First the unidentified bodyguard
Then there is the unknown of Zhanwang Chen
A few days ago, you were Long Shuai's substitute samurai again
Now you take out the Golden Sea Token and overturn it
I really can't see through you
You see through me
I'm a little uncomfortable
Help me go back and rest, hey, no
General Gao, Admiral Wu of Kyushu, ordered
He wants me to take you to his governor's mansion for two days
Your mother will be there too
Why can't I tell you something yet?
Not yet.
Sure. How did my father die?
I'm still not qualified to know, right?
Yaofan, you'd better finish all the big things
Just tell me everything you know
Ok, let's go!
Robbery?
You said that the governor of Kyushu suddenly let us pass
Is it because of your father?
Mom, don't worry.
It's gonna be okay.
I hope it will be as Liao Fan said
There will be no more danger.